sexpam	2. Lying in bed and bored. Wish you were here to play Simon Says with me ;)
sexpam	3. I feel like something's missing in my life. Namely you. Between my legs.
sexpam	"4. If I were with you right now, where would you want me to touch you?"
sexpam	5. I want to get naked with you right now.
sexpam	6. ?Sucking on a blow pop right now and wishing it was you. . .
sexpam	7. Confession: I’ve been naughty today and probably deserve a spanking. If only there were someone to do it . . .
sexpam	8. I'm listening to a song that makes me think totally dirty thoughts about you! If you were here we'd probably make some of them reality ;)
sexpam	"9. Guess what I'm thinking? OK I'll give you a hint. It involves my tongue and you, naked."
sexpam	10. I'm dying to find out if you are as good in real life as you are in my fantasies.
sexpam	11. Confession: Sometimes I can't help but touch myself when I think about you.
sexpam	12. Have you ever had a wet dream with me in it? Be honest . . .
sexpam	"13. If you could do anything you want to me, what would you do?"
sexpam	14. Work sucks. Especially when I'm getting distracted thinking about this hot guy I know and his fantastic body.
sexpam	"15. Hey, just wanted to let you know that if you're ever having a hard time, like a really hard time, I'm there for you. I mean, I can give you hand. Or something."
sexpam	"16. I know you're not a wizard, but I think your mouth is pretty magical. I can think of a few places I want it right now. Wait, maybe you ARE a wizard."
sexpam	17. Just got out of the shower and had to text this really sexy guy I know. Didn't even have time to put clothes on.
sexpam	18. Could really use some help putting this sunscreen on right now. And I'll need help taking the bikini off later.
sexpam	"19. Just ate dinner, but you wanna come over for dessert? Bring whipped cream and easy-to-remove clothing."
sexpam	20. What's the dirtiest thought you've ever had about me? I know what mine is about you . . .
sexpam	21. All I can think about is doing filthy things to you when I get home from work.
sexpam	22. I'd rather be in bed with you right now.
sexpam	23. Just finished pleasuring myself while thinking of you for about an hour. Dang you're good.
sexpam	24. You jerked it recently?
sexpam	25. I think it's time we tried (fill in the blank)
sexpam	26. What do you want me to do to you tonight?
sexpam	1. You look great today. How do I know? Because you look good everyday.
sexpam	2. I figured us out today! -- I think we should just be friends with sexual tension ;)
sexpam	3. There's this really cute guy I've been thinking about all day long . . . what should I do about it?
sexpam	"4. If you were here right now, we definitely would not flirt at all, or hug for a little bit too long, or stare deeply into one another's eyes, or anything fun like that."
sexpam	"5. I would invite you to come over this weekend, but I'm not sure I can keep my hands to myself."
sexpam	"6. So are we really ""hanging out"" or are you secretly trying to date me? Be honest :)"
sexpam	7. Wanna know what I wanna do with you later? Too bad! You'll have to wait and find out.
sexpam	8. I keep having this recurring dream that you're trying to get me naked . . . weird.
sexpam	9. Just read that caffeine can boost a woman's libido. Is that why you keep inviting me to coffee?
sexpam	10. Stop thinking about me naked! Sheesh.
sexpam	11. Do you know what my favorite thing in the world is? The second word of this text.
sexpam	12. I know someone who might have a crush on you . . .
sexpam	13. You're not very good at pretending you don't want me.
sexpam	14. Quick question: what do you do when there's someone you can't stop fantasizing about but you have no idea how to talk to them about it?
sexpam	15. Just wanted to let you know that I find you very attractive. And hot. And cute. And I want to put my mouth on your mouth.
sexpam	16. It said it was going to be hot today so I decided to wear a thong and low-cut top and just stay in bed. What are you up to?
sexpam	17. Happy half-birthday! Tonight I'll do whatever you want me to . . .
sexpam	18. I swear I was just watching TV and then I thought about how sexy you looked at my sister's wedding and I had to take a twenty minute break. If you know what I mean.
sexpam	19. My friends are always getting annoyed that I talk about you too much. I can't help it if you're the sexiest man that has ever walked the face of the earth and I think about you constantly .
sexpam	20. What are you doing for dinner tonight? I thought about getting reservations for my bedroom but wanted to make sure you were available.
sexpam	21. Good morning! I'm not wearing a bra today. Just thought you should know.
sexpam	22. Was just thinking about seeing you tonight and all of the sudden I was completely undressed.
sexpam	"23. Tonight, let me do all the work. We're going to take it so slow you're going to scream."
sexpam	1. I love your body.
sexpam	2. I'm naked right now.
sexpam	3. Remember that crazy thing I told you about that I wanted to try with you . . . I think tonight might be the night.
sexpam	"4. If you were here right now I would tear your clothes off and shove you onto my bed and have my way with you. But you're not, so . . . rain check?"
sexpam	"5. Is it weird that all I can think about is last night? I keep replaying it my head over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over . . ."
sexpam	6. When you come over today I want to start in bed. Just FYI.
sexpam	7. Do you have any fantasies?
sexpam	8. I want you right now.
sexpam	9. My hands. My hips. My lips. Your body. Tonight.
sexpam	10. We would be having so much fun if you were here right now.
sexpam	11. Just put on some really crazy underwear. So many snaps! So many straps! You'll have to help me take it off.
sexpam	"12. My roommates are gone this weekend. We can be as loud as we want tonight, and I want to be loud."
sexpam	"13. I've got something to show you. It's a surprise, and you're going to have to undress me to find it."
sexpam	14. Nothing gets me hotter than thinking about you.
sexpam	"15. You should probably clear your schedule for tomorrow morning, because I plan on staying up late with you tonight. Very late."
sexpam	"16. Let me be clear: when I see you later, I'm going to undress you button by button. I'm going to unzip your pants and take them off leg by leg. I'm going to take off your boxers and throw them against the wall. What happens next is all up to you."
sexpam	17. I'm touching myself right now. Wish you were here ;)
sexpam	18. If you're not busy later I was hoping to make passionate love to you. I hope that's okay with you.
sexpam	19. If you could do anything to me what would you do?
sexpam	20. What is your favorite memory of us in bed?
sexpam	21. Did you know that you're incredibly sexy?
sexpam	"22. I'll invite you over on one condition: you may not keep your hands to yourself. In fact, you need to tell me exactly where you're going to put them."
sexpam	"1. There's this guy I really like but he can't know. OMG I can't believe I sent this to you. Well, now that you know . . . wanna make out?"
sexpam	2. Some people say to-may-to. Some people say to-mah-to. I say I-want-you-right-now-you-sexy-beast.
sexpam	3. Here's a riddle for you: What is cute and nice and sometimes hard all over?
sexpam	4. I'm watching HBO right now and getting a lot of ideas for things we could do together ;)
sexpam	"5. I've got a B.A. in Communications, so I think I'm pretty much qualified to blow your mind tonight."
sexpam	"6. One, two, I want to do you. Three, four, I want you more. Five, six, don't give me tricks. Seven, eight, don't be late. Nine, ten, see you then."
sexpam	7. Did you know that today is National Donut Day? I thought we could celebrate in my bedroom. I'll bring the sugar.
sexpam	"8. If I told you that you had a nice body, would you hold it against me? Seriously though. You're hot. I'd like to touch your shoulders right now while you take off my pants."
sexpam	"9. Do you believe in love at first sight, or do I need to walk by again?"
sexpam	"10. My dad always told me to make sure that I was treated like a princess, and you know princesses like it hot in bed. So . . ."
sexpam	11. Your body is so hot it's making me thirsty. Was that sexy? Because I'm not wearing any clothes. Okay that has to be sexy now.
sexpam	"12. The top three sexiest things on this earth are: your chin, your shoulders, and your . . . I think you know what I'm trying to say here."
sexpam	"13. So I'm outside. I'm not wearing two crucial pieces of clothing, but no one is calling the cops on me. Can you guess what's missing? Also, it's not my shoes."
sexpam	14. I got eight hours of sleep last night in preparation for the rager that I'm preparing to have with you starting at 8 p.m. this evening.
sexpam	15. I just wanted to let you know that I'm picturing you naked right now and dang you look good.
sexpam	16. On the count of three let's both say what we're thinking about. One . . . two . . . I really want to be naked with you right now!
sexpam	17. I was listening to Taylor Swift today and totally thinking about you. JK. Just wanted an excuse to text you to say I think you're darn handsome.
sexpam	18. 101 things I like about you: 1. You're hot. 2. You're hot. 3. You're hot. You get the picture.
sexpam	"19. Imagine that my bed is a football field. I'm the football, and you're running for a touchdown. See, I do like sports!"
sexpam	"20. You're so sexy you take my breath away, but not too far away, like I don't die because of it. Still. You're sexy."
sexpam	21. On the agenda for tonight: polite conversation followed immediately by impolite bedroom antics.
sexpam	22. Y YOU SO HOT 'N SEXY. YOU MAKE ME TALK LIKE CAVEWOMAN.
sexpam	"1. ""Just saw something really hot that made me think of you."""
sexpam	"2. ""What would you like me to wear to bed tonight?"""
sexpam	"3. ""Would you be mad if I made out with a girl?"""
sexpam	"4. ""I don't know why, but all I want right now is sex."""
sexpam	"5. ""I dreamt that I was your sex slave last night, it was hot — very hot"""
sexpam	"6. ""What would you say if I suggested some sex in public?"""
sexpam	"7. ""When you get home, let's watch some porn, seriously."""
sexpam	"8. ""If you can guess what color my panties are, then I'll give you a blow job when you get home."""
sexpam	"9. ""I loved sleeping with you last night."""
sexpam	"10. ""I don't know if this is normal, but my legs get weak when you kiss me."""
sexpam	"11. ""I wish you were here right now. I'm too damn horny!"""
sexpam	"12. ""I'm going to wear the shortest skirt I have tonight"""
sexpam	"13. ""What's the hottest thing I can do for you when I see you?"""
sexpam	"14. ""If you could only have regular, anal or oral sex for the rest of your life, what would you choose?"""
sexpam	"15. ""I really miss you. I wish we were together right now."""
sexpam	"16. ""I just had the dirtiest thought about you ever. Too dirty to text — wow, I'll tell about it later."""
sexpam	"17. ""What would you say if I suggested we spent all day Saturday in bed?"""
sexpam	"18. ""The way you hold me is so hot."""
sexpam	"19. ""Can't wait to kiss you later."""
sexpam	I’ve been daydreaming all day long… you and me naked moaning and sweaty…got anything to add to that vision?
sexpam	you need to come see me asap…I’m getting moist just thinking about you
sexpam	"hope you’re rested, cause you’re gonna need every ounce of energy you can find tonightYou have no idea how much I want you right now…not to mention how I want you…and where I want you"
sexpam	"Everything about you turns me on, you’re all I can think about!"
sexpam	Tonight I’m going to take it slow and savor every inch of you <3
sexpam	I couldn’t focus all day long…all I can think about is touching every inch of that delicious body of yours…I’m gonna make you feel so good it hurts
sexpam	Tell me 3 things that make you the most excited…I’ll make sure you get at least 2 out of 3…Deal?
sexpam	You’re in for a memorable night tonight baby…starting tomorrow you’re gonna remember how I made you feel like nobody else ever could
sexpam	Good boys get kissed… bad boys get teeth and nails. Lemme guess…you’re very “good” at being “bad”?
sexpam	I had so many dirty thoughts today…guess who inspired them all ;) ?
sexpam	Every time I close my eyes…I see you naked…just so ya know…I like seeing you naked with my eyes open even more;)
sexpam	Right now all I can think about is how I can’t wait to see my clothes on the floor next to yours
sexpam	I’m so turned on right now and all I’m doing is thinking of you
sexpam	Your body is so incredibly gorgeous all I wanna do is explore every tiny square inch of it
sexpam	What in the hell are you doing to me? I can’t stop thinking about you!
sexpam	All I can think right now is Damn I’m One Lucky woman!
sexpam	You turn me on like no other man ever has
sexpam	Maybe you should spank me – I’ve been very very bad…and I never learn without proper punishment
sexpam	I know you’ve been thinking about doing me all day…ready to stop thinking?
sexpam	"I know what you want, but I want you to beg me for it…think you got that in ya?"
sexpam	just thinkin’ how I can’t wait to run my hands all over your strong body
sexpam	all I can think about is stripping you naked and covering you with kisses…very slowly at first…then with an appetite
sexpam	I can’t wait to feel you in all the right ways in all the right places
sexpam	I love the feel of your lips on mine when we kiss…the best part is knowing the rest of you will be touching me at the same time!
sexpam	Come see me soon sexy…I’m feeling a little postal right now…might need to check your package
sexpam	It turns me on so much when you say my name…especially when…well you know “when” don’t you ;)
sexpam	I just keep thinking of your hands… I cant wait for you to do that thing again that drives me so crazy
sexpam	"The minute I see you, I want your clothes gone!"
sexpam	Tell me how much you love it when I touch you…tell me exactly what you like the most…I’ll make sure I do it exactly how you describe it – so don’t forget any of the details <3
sexpam	"Hot, steamy, and satisfying…I cant wait for more!"
sexpam	I love the way you kiss me…especially when you kiss me where I ache the most
sexpam	"Tonight I’m going to work my way all around your body, extra slowly until you can’t take it any longer…Then…I’ll take it as long as you got it <3"
sexpam	the second you see me walk through the door…your clothes…my clothes…on the floor…no excuses
sexpam	you only get to say one word the next time we make love…my name! I wanna hear it over and over! think you can do that for me…hmmmm?
sexpam	I get so turned on seeing you squirm when I suck those nipples of yours…especially your sensitive one
sexpam	Step 1 – you tell me how bad you want me and why Step 2 – If your answer is good enough – we move on to Step 3
sexpam	"here’s the deal…I’m feeling sentimental right now…how bout we make a memory neither of us will forget the rest of our lives? No expensive dinner, no movies, just you and me, no frills – just chills…with me?"
sexpam	Obviously you know I think you’re sexy…but do you know how much?
sexpam	I want you so bad – I can feel my temperature rising just thinking about you
sexpam	I adore how naughty you are…you are a bad bad man
sexpam	Nobody has ever made me feel what you make me feel…I just got shivers thinking about it
sexpam	"I wanna feel those sweet lips all over me, and I DO mean ALL over me….one condition…I get to guide you with my hands…I lead…you follow…agreed?"
sexpam	I love it when you roll your tongue around my nipples and then exhale slowly with that hot damp breath of yours…makes me shudder inside
sexpam	Your wish is my command. How many wishes can you think of?
sexpam	you ready to make me scream anytime soon or should I plan on doing it myself without you?
sexpam	Tell me how much you love making love to me…?
sexpam	I was thinking of trying something new and erotic…any suggestions?
sexpam	How about we pretend we’re auditioning for a porn flick?
sexpam	I am sooo hungry right now…thing is…I don’t want food ;)
sexpam	Who needs a spankin? You have two choices…choose wisely!
sexpam	"Who’s your good girl, sweet sexy baby, and the “rocker of your world” all rolled up into one?"
sexpam	" Picture this…you come home…I take your shoes off for you, take your clothes off for you, scrub your back in the shower for you…and as soon as you’re clean…let’s see how dirty we can get?"
sexpam	I need some kisses…special kisses…got any to spare?
sexpam	I love all the sounds we make when there’s nothing between us
sexpam	 I wanna saturate myself in you
sexpam	damn damn damn the things you do with your tongue…I’ll never get tired of that
sexpam	"I was thinking about tootsie pops today, which made me think of you…wanna guess on how many licks its gonna take?"
sexpam	"I’ve got a very special hug waiting for you….it doesn’t involve my arms, or my hands…or even my body….just my mouth ;) interested?"
sexpam	Just had a daydream about us…do you have any idea how wet I am right now thinking about you?
sexpam	I feel like screaming…but I need you to help me get there…up for the challenge?
sexpam	Wanna make a baby? No? Good! Wanna practice in case we change our minds sometime in the distant future?
sexpam	You feel so incredible when you’re so deep inside me…I love it when you go deep and just grind…pure heaven
sexpam	MMmmmm I love it when I can feel your heartbeat pounding everywhere I touch you
sexpam	I love hearing you moan my name ! What would it take to make you scream it?
sexpam	Do you like the way I make love to you sweetheart? Tell me as many specifics as you can think of and I’ll “reward” your every detail!
sexpam	Call me names… I love it when you call me sexy names…but not now…I wanna hear you say those names out loud…as you’re gasping for air…
sexpam	I know you’ve been holding back…tonight…put the romantic gentle loving aside and let’s goto the rodeo!
sexpam	Tell me what you wanna do to me when you see me next…I want all the details up front!
sexpam	"Next time…I want you to work me up into a really hot mess…and then slow down right before I let loose…then do it again, I’m gonna wait for your command to let loose…just don’t make me wait too long ok?"
sexpam	Talk dirty to me now…get my motor running while I’m at work… and I’ll make yours run twice later ;)
sexpam	All I can think about is the way you make my whole body spasm…and the way my temperature rises so incredibly high and how my heart pounds so hard
sexpam	Oh god how I love that feeling when my whole body tightens up…how I enter into another world when I’m with you
sexpam	Your moans turn me on so much… I can’t get enough of that wonderful noise
sexpam	My orgasms send chills up my spine….what do they do to you? hmmmm?
sexpam	For your reference…tonight will NOT be a “quickie” night
sexpam	Ya know… with each amazing love making session it just gets better and better
sexpam	I’m in bed right now…imagining you’re here with me…and my hands are quite busy. It’s become a pretty common habit lately
sexpam	If you don’t come over in the next half an hour I’m gonna cheat on you with the shower handle!
sexpam	I don’t know what you’ve done to my pussy but when I see or even think about you I get wicked wet and just want you to give it to me long and hard
sexpam	My pussy is messy – can you pls come clean it up for me
sexpam	I’ll call you Daddy and be your little sex slave but only if you tell me what a good little girl I am first
sexpam	"I’m coming over, but I ran out of underwear…hope that’s ok"
sexpam	1. What are you wearing right now?
sexpam	2. Are you alone tonight? Want to play a game?
sexpam	3. I was thinking about you in the shower today.
sexpam	4. I will see you in a while. I have got a sexy surprise for you.
sexpam	"5. I am wearing all red today, even the stuff underneath my dress."
sexpam	6. What do you want me to wear later tonight?
sexpam	7. Let’s tease.
sexpam	"8. You and me, in the back of my car tonight?"
sexpam	"9. When you are around, everything starts throbbing and it is not just my heart I am talking about."
sexpam	"10. I think your lips are really sensuous. I am talking about the ones I can see, you still have to show me the other one."
sexpam	11. If you are tired then I can give you a massage tonight. Let me know where you want my hands to work the most.
sexpam	12. Want to scream tonight? Stop by my place for a little while.
sexpam	13. I sometimes feel like playing with your beautiful hair… and other things too.
sexpam	14. You know how to push the right buttons.
sexpam	"15. Next time we see each other, I am going to show you what love is."
sexpam	16. I do not need to watch porn anymore. One look at your sexy body keeps me going.
sexpam	17. Why are your keeping me starved?
sexpam	"18. Next time when I am around you, wear something that keeps me guessing."
sexpam	19. I want to take you to a place called orgasmland.
sexpam	20. Want to see my ’50 Shades of Grey’?
sexpam	21. I am feeling very restless. Would you please come by and tie me up tonight? I will let you do whatever you want to do with me.
sexpam	22. I want to force a few things on you tonight. Permission to be rough?
sexpam	23. I will be your prisoner tonight.
sexpam	24. Can I have my way with you?
sexpam	"25. If you could read my mind, you would start feeling really shy around me."
sexpam	26. How can you turn me on so much just by looking at me?
sexpam	27. What are your plans with me later tonight? Want to eat something delicious?
sexpam	"28. The next time you pass me by, I am going to tap it."
sexpam	29. Your wardrobe needs to be updated. How about trying me on?
sexpam	30. Let me be a part of your favorite fantasy?
sexpam	31. I had a dream of you last night; you were mostly naked in it.
sexpam	32. I can probably reach climax just by staring at your behind.
sexpam	33. I got a whole new way to love you. Want to know what?
sexpam	"34. I feel like having some peaches and cream tonight, with you."
sexpam	35. How about chocolate syrup all over?
sexpam	36. What were you thinking yesterday when your hands were all over me?
sexpam	37. I want to be naughty with you in the office.
sexpam	38. Are your folks home tonight? I hope not. I do not want them to hear you screaming.
sexpam	39. I have got a BIG surprise for you. It is in my pants and it will BLOW your mind.
sexpam	"40. Thanks to your skinny jeans, I already know how your behind would feel like."
sexpam	41. I feel wasted just by looking at your pictures.
sexpam	42. It gives me goose bumps just by thinking what will I do to your body.
sexpam	43. Are you ready to go all night?
sexpam	44. Did you tell me to ‘come and get it’ with your eyes last night?
sexpam	45. Would you be my prey and I will be your hunter?
sexpam	46. Would you like me to take you under?
sexpam	47. My favorite thing on a dessert is whipped cream. Would you let me put it on you?
sexpam	48. I know what you want and I think I am ready.
sexpam	"49. I got a plan for the both of us, but it involves my bed in it as well."
sexpam	"50. Just to let you know, I am a rider."
sexpam	51. I have read some sexy things on the internet. Would you let me try it on you?
sexpam	52. Why am I horny and you are so far away?
sexpam	53. I think I need a doctor for this little love disease that I got. Would you please examine me from top to bottom?
sexpam	54. I have got a new move. Will you let me show it to you later?
sexpam	"55. I have heard that you should not fight it, if you like it."
sexpam	56. You left me turned on last night. Can you either switch it off or take it a bit further?
sexpam	57. I really like your tie. Let us use it tonight.
sexpam	"58. Can you please save some energy for later, after you finish your gym? I have got a task for you."
sexpam	59. I will let you frisk me if you will come and see me in next half an hour.
sexpam	60. I will let you see mine if I will get to see yours.
sexpam	61. Want to play tonight?
sexpam	62. I have been thinking about some seriously racy stuff about you today.
sexpam	"63. You can look at it but you cannot touch it, YET."
sexpam	64. Let us skip dinner tonight and eat something else.
sexpam	65. We should stay in a hotel tonight. I am not sure if my neighbors would appreciate all the pounding noise and screaming.
sexpam	"66. I will follow you everywhere, as long as you will let me COME with you."
sexpam	"67. You have got a hypnotic cleavage. I do not think I can look at anything else but it, when we are together."
sexpam	68. Your bulge is driving me mad.
sexpam	69. Your dessert is HOT and READY for you.
sexpam	70. Do you know if there is a way that I can resist those juicy lips of yours?
sexpam	71. Why cannot I take your wet kisses out of my mind?
sexpam	72. How will I be able to contain myself when I know that you are in the shower right now?
sexpam	73. Did you think about me when you were in the bath tub today?
sexpam	74. Just the smell of you gives me shivers.
sexpam	"75. I just looked at your picture on my phone and darling, you have sent my dial on high."
sexpam	76. Let’s get dirty tonight and wash it off each other in the shower later.
sexpam	77. I am so much into you. I want to be in you.
sexpam	"78. I am thirsty, when can I see you?"
sexpam	79. I just want to feel your weight on me.
sexpam	80. Would you let me ride you again?
sexpam	81. Would you send me some pictures? Pictures you have not sent to anybody else.
sexpam	"82. Tonight in the club we will have our own dancing session, in a dark corner."
sexpam	83. I have lost something. Would you let me look for it in your pants?
sexpam	84. How about I come by to your office and you give me a tour of your insides?
sexpam	85. I will pick you up by 8 o’clock tonight. Wear a skirt or a dress; my hands are a bit restless today.
sexpam	"86. It is really hot today, I think I am going to take my all my clothes off and just lay in my bed. See you in ten?"
sexpam	87.  I have a JOB opportunity for you. Interested?
sexpam	"88. I was cooking something with lots of strawberries in it. I am covered in it now, would you come and lick it off me?"
sexpam	89. I am craving for you.
sexpam	90. You are so kind to me. I am thinking of pleasing you all night tonight.
sexpam	"91. I am sending you this text with one hand, my other hand is busy. Come and join me."
sexpam	92. You are going to be really exhausted by the end of the night tonight.
sexpam	93. I want to serve you.
sexpam	94. I want to kiss you so bad… all over.
sexpam	95. I want to feel your strong grip on me.
sexpam	96. All we are going to do tonight is teasing. Are you ready for the torture?
sexpam	97. I am tired of sending you texts or speaking on phone. Why do not you come here and sit on the top of me?
sexpam	98. How did you feel when I groped you in a public place last night… in my dream?
sexpam	99. I am dripping with love and desire for you.
sexpam	100. Come on and soak me dry with that mouth of yours.
sexpam	1. Hey Honey! Just wanted to ask should I wear the red panties or the blue one? I am confused can you suggest after all it’s you who is going to play with it tonight……. isn’t it?
sexpam	"?2. You look hot, sexy and appealing when you wear nothing."
sexpam	?3. Just wanted to text you that I am lying naked on the bed think about you.
sexpam	?4. Your Ass looks sexy and hot in that jeans of yours Baby!
sexpam	?5. Get out of the gym sweetheart and save some energy for the Bang-Bang. I am going to drive you wild between my legs tonight.
sexpam	?6. I had a dream last night about you and me moaning and sweating with sexual pleasure. Just wanted to ask if you could stay in my bedroom tonight to make my dream come true!
sexpam	?7. Oh Baby! Even a thought of you makes me wet below my waist.
sexpam	?8. Tonight I want you to undress me slowly with your muscular touch and bite every inch of my body with no inch left untouched.
sexpam	?9. Reveal 4 parts of my body you admire the most? I promise to give you at least 2 tonight for being honest.....deal.
sexpam	?10. Baby I am so excited I wanted to get spanked hard on my butt with your fingers rubbing my clit giving me some mix feeling of sweet pain and sexual pleasure.
sexpam	"?11. I love the touch of your lips when we kiss, I love the rub of your sexy hips when we rub, I love the warmth of your breathe on my neck when we hug."
sexpam	"?12. I love the way you kiss me, especially the part where I moan and scream the most."
sexpam	?13. Tell me how desperate you are for me and why? If your reply is satisfactory we will move on to the next step to turn your desperation into reality.
sexpam	"?14. It makes me feel so hot and pumped up when I touch your stick, it really makes me moist and wet under my panties."
sexpam	?15. I love you when you moan in excitement taking my name….but tell me what will it take to make you scream and moan with pain and pleasure!
sexpam	?16. Can you text me the details of what you would do to me tonight when you sleep next to me. The excitement and anticipation of spending the night with you is driving me wild and crazy.
sexpam	?17. When I am with you my whole body tightens up in ecstasy wit the feeling of your touch.
sexpam	?18. What are your plans after our date tonight?
sexpam	?19. Tell me what would you do if we are locked up alone in a bedroom?
sexpam	?20. I am missing your toy so much that I searching for sex toys on the internet.
sexpam	?21. Could you please come at my place and unhook my bra for me?
sexpam	?22. I just saw a porn movie and I can’t stop myself thinking about all the dirty things you could do to me if you were here. I wonder if you wanted to come by and stay with me tonight
sexpam	?23. Just wanted to tell that my new red underwear feels really good and sexy on my skin. I wish I could show it to you if you were here now.
sexpam	"?24. I am sorry I am late in my replies actually I am busy doing something with my other hand, I hope you don’t mind."
sexpam	?25. Are you busy today? Actually I happened to read a magazine in which the author mentioned about some exciting sex positions. If you were free we could have tried tonight?
sexpam	"?26. I don’t why it happens every time, but the moment you lick my nipples my legs get weak."
sexpam	?27. I am planning to wear my favorite sexy red thong tonight. What about you?
sexpam	?28. I just had the dirtiest dream of my life about you…. I wish I could tell you but it is really very dirty cannot text you. But I promise to tell you if you could hang up at my place tonight?
sexpam	"?29. I can’t wait to hug you later honey, because the way you hug me it makes me feel hot and excited."
sexpam	?30. Can you guess the color of my panties? If you guessed it right I will give whatever you ask for tonight.
sexpam	"?31. It’s so freaking cold out there, I am under my blanket the only thing I am missing right now is your lips between my legs."
sexpam	?32. I am not in a mood to see a movie can you suggest other ideas that we could do together in the dark?
sexpam	?33. Seeing you after a workout filled with sweat all over your body really makes me horny.
sexpam	?34. I want to see how good your tongue can play between my gaps.
sexpam	?35. If you come to stay at my house tonight……I promise to make your visit memorable.
sexpam	"?36. I have got new set of lingerie, just wanted to know if you could come to see how it looks on me."
sexpam	?37. I get thrilled with excitement when your fingers dance on my wet floor.
sexpam	?38. I love the way you role your tongue over my nipples slowly sliding down below my waist…….it really makes me quiver inside.
sexpam	?39. The love the way you dominate me in your arms looking into my eyes thrusting me backward with your manly force.
sexpam	?40. I am lying naked on my bed I allow you to do whatever you want I won’t resist. All you to need is to promise me you would take me to heaven.
sexpam	?41. It makes me feel amazingly hot when you touch me down there.
sexpam	?42. I love the way you suck my nipples.
sexpam	?43. Baby! You are too sexy for me to resist.
sexpam	?44. I love the way you get naughty in bed it keeps me amused and excited.
sexpam	?45. You put me in heaven when you go deep inside me grinding hard the pleasure you give is just awesome.
sexpam	"?46. Tonight I want to feel the taste, touch, scent and feel of your skin next to mine."
sexpam	"?47. When I think about the sexual chemistry between you and me, it really sets me on fire."
sexpam	"?48. Take off your clothes, I want to admire your manly body and rub it against mine all night."
sexpam	?49. No one else in this world can make me feel the way you make me feel. I just get shivers when I think about it.
sexpam	?50. I want to feel your wet lips all over me on every inch of my body. But the only condition is I will guide your way through my hands.
sexpam	"?51. I love the way you slowly whisper in my ears saying those three magical words ""I Love You"""
sexpam	"?52. I can feel your manly power when I touch you down there. It’s really hot, heavy and hard like a rod."
sexpam	?53. Would you love to mess up with me in my bed?
sexpam	1. I’m under so many blankets and I’m still cold… I guess I should put on some clothes…
sexpam	2. Guess what I’m wearing right now?
sexpam	3. I have something I have to admit – I’ve been thinking about you all day long…
sexpam	4. I’m bored and I’m lying in bed. Wanna play Simon Says with me?
sexpam	5. Tell me what you want to do with me after our date tonight.
sexpam	6. Imagine we’re alone in the bedroom together – then tell me what you’re thinking.
sexpam	7. I had a VERY naughty dream last night – you were definitely there…
sexpam	8. I’m so bored I’m checking out sex toys online…
sexpam	9. I can’t sleep – all I can think about is what we would be doing if you were here with me…
sexpam	10. I can’t stop thinking about some very dirty things… can you help me?
sexpam	"11. If we were together, what would you want me to do to you?"
sexpam	This new underwear feels soooo good against my skin…
sexpam	13. I’m typing this with one hand because my other hand is busy…
sexpam	14. I can’t stop sucking on lollypops today for some reason…
sexpam	15. I have a secret – I’m watching a very dirty video online right now…
sexpam	#1 I can’t believe I texted you while I was peeing.
sexpam	"#2 I’m feeling so cold even though I’m under the blanket. Hold on for a minute, lemme put on my clothes."
sexpam	#3 I wish you could be with me now.
sexpam	#4 I’m watching a sexy video of a girl/guy who looks just like you *link it to an explicit video with a really attractive person so your lover would be flattered*.
sexpam	#5 What are you wearing right now? [Read: How to look better naked using 15 real life tips]
sexpam	#6 Can you guess the color of my underwear?
sexpam	#7 My legs are missing you in between them.
sexpam	#8 I just bought new underwear and can’t wait to show it to you.
sexpam	"#9 If I were with you right now, where would you want me to touch you?"
sexpam	#10 I’m watching porn.
sexpam	"#11 My hands were busy, but they took a break to text you."
sexpam	#12 I’m imagining you’re with me right now…
sexpam	"#13 I’m trying to sleep, but I can’t stop thinking about all the things you could do to me if you were with me right now. [Read: 10 fun sex games to play with your guy in bed]"
sexpam	#14 I’m looking for sex toys online…
sexpam	"#15 I had a naughty dream last night and you were in me… I mean, it…"
sexpam	#16 Do you believe in kiss and tell? Cause I want you to kiss me and do things to me in your mind and tell me all about it.
sexpam	#17 I’m lying in bed and bored. Do you want to play Simon Says?
sexpam	#18 What would you want to do with me after our date tomorrow?
sexpam	#19 I can see two pussies humping outside my window. They’re meowing so much it’s hard for me to go back to sleep.
sexpam	#20 Wanna play a game with me? [Read: 7 sexiest texting games you can ever play]
sexpam	1. CAN’T WAIT TO KISS YOU TONIGHT.
sexpam	2. I CAN’T STOP THINKING ABOUT YOU.
sexpam	3. WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
sexpam	4. ARE YOU ALONE?
sexpam	5. WHAT’S YOUR FAVORITE SEXUAL FANTASY?
sexpam	6. WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF I SHOWED UP AT YOUR HOUSE RIGHT NOW…
sexpam	7. I WAS JUST THINKING ABOUT HOW SEXY YOU LOOK IN THOSE NEW JEANS.
sexpam	8. I JUST GOT OUT OF THE SHOWER…
sexpam	9. I THOUGHT ABOUT YOU TODAY WHILE I WAS TAKING A SHOWER.
sexpam	10. I HAVE A SEXY SURPRISE FOR YOU WHEN I SEE YOU NEXT.
sexpam	11. I’M GOING TO GIVE YOU A MASSAGE TONIGHT WHEN I SEE YOU…
sexpam	"12. I DREAMED ABOUT YOU LAST NIGHT, AND WE WERE BOTH NAKED."
sexpam	"13. I JUST BOUGHT SOME WHIPPED CREAM AT THE STORE, AND I KNOW A FUN WAY TO USE IT."
sexpam	14. I READ ABOUT SOME SEXY STUFF ON THE INTERNET. I’D LIKE TO TRY IT ON YOU.
sexpam	"15. IF YOU WERE HERE NOW, I’D UNZIP YOUR PANTS WITH MY TEETH AND THEN I’D DO WHATEVER YOU WANTED ME TO."
sexpam	"16. IT’S SO HOT OUTSIDE TODAY, I TOOK OFF ALL MY CLOTHES."
sexpam	"17. I’VE BEEN BAKING, AND NOW I’M COVERED IN CHOCOLATE FROSTING."
sexpam	"18. I’M TEXTING YOU WITH ONE HAND, AND MY OTHER HAND IS BUSY DOING SOMETHING ELSE."
sexpam	"19. IF I WERE WITH YOU NOW, WHERE WOULD YOU WANT ME TO TOUCH YOU?"
sexpam	20. I GET SO TURNED ON WHEN YOU KISS ME ALL OVER.
sexpam	21. I’VE BEEN A BAD GIRL TODAY.
sexpam	22. GUESS WHAT I’M THINKING ABOUT?
sexpam	23. I WANT TO DO ALL THE WORK TONIGHT…
sexpam	24. I WAS THINKING OF YOU AND NOW I’M REALLY TURNED ON.
sexpam	25. SEND A PHOTO OF THE UNDERWEAR YOU WILL WEAR TONIGHT.
sexpam	26. I WANT YOU INSIDE ME.
sexpam	27. JUST THINKING ABOUT YOU FUCKING ME TONIGHT IS MAKING ME SO WET.
sexpam	"1. Tell me all the dirty little things you do when you masturbate, you naughty boy/girl. Tell me everything, baby. Tell me how you play with yourself."
sexpam	2. Do you like it when I touch myself here?
sexpam	3. Lie back and shut up! I’m going to make you come until you can’t breathe.
sexpam	4. Kiss me there… Lick every inch of me.
sexpam	5. Come over here and ride me hard!
sexpam	6. Fuck me. Right now!
sexpam	7. Use me as your toy all night long.
sexpam	8. Touch yourself and let me watch you.
sexpam	9. Do you want more? Take it!
sexpam	"10. Give me that come, honey. I want it in my mouth. Come on, give it to me."
sexpam	11. It drives me crazy when you look at me that way.
sexpam	"12. I’m going to do you right now, honey. Your pussy… or your ass…?"
sexpam	"13. Well, you stupid fucker, I won’t let you fuck my ass… So what?"
sexpam	"14. Shut the fuck up! I’ll fuck you wherever I want, naughty little whore!"
sexpam	15. I always get what I want.
sexpam	"16. Okay, babe, you can have any hole you want."
sexpam	17. I love the way it sounds when you fuck me. Hear it?
sexpam	18. I want you to suck out all the juices you put in me with your mouth.
sexpam	"19. Baby don’t stop! Oh my god, I love it when you do that!"
sexpam	"20. I’m so fuckin’ wet, just let me suck your sweet lollipop…"
sexpam	21. Put your baby maker inside my hole and fuck my brain out!
sexpam	22. Just grab my head and force me closer!
sexpam	23. I’m your slave for the night. Tell me what you want.
sexpam	24. You can have me any way you want…
sexpam	"25. Get over here, big boy. And show me who’s the boss!"
sexpam	26. Where do you want to come?
sexpam	27. I want it all over me. Cover me with it.
sexpam	28. What a sweet sexy ass!
sexpam	29. Do you like my juicy pussy/big dick? Tell me what you see. Describe it to me.
sexpam	30. You’re my bitch. I adore how naughty you are. I love you.
sexpam	"31. Babe, you have to follow all my rules tonight."
sexpam	32. No stops this time. Let’s see how many times I can make you come.
sexpam	33. Don’t you dare come until I say you can!
sexpam	"34. Maybe you should spank me – I’ve been very, very bad."
sexpam	35. I want you to undress and wait for me in the bedroom.
sexpam	"36. Get on your hands and knees, sweetheart… and wait like a good girl."
sexpam	"37. Spread your legs wide for me, sweet darling. Your body is mine tonight."
sexpam	38. You like it when I spread my legs and take you in?
sexpam	39. I can’t believe what you’re doing! Please do not stop!
sexpam	40. I love pleasing you and the sounds of your pleasure drive me crazy.
sexpam	"41. You little slut, I’m going to fuck you till you can’t walk! Ready?"
sexpam	"42. Fill me up, daddy, fuck my tight cunt! Make me scream with that big dick of yours!"
sexpam	43. Faster! Deeper! Harder!
sexpam	"44. What a hot nasty girl you are! I will wash your mouth out with my cum if you talk dirty, naughty girl."
sexpam	45. I love how big your cock gets when I talk to you like this.
sexpam	46. I love sucking your cock. And I’m going to lick it clean.
sexpam	"47. Cum for me baby, cum in my mouth, I want to taste you."
sexpam	48. I could spend hours between your legs; teasing… sucking; sipping; tasting you.
sexpam	49. I want you. I want to make love with you. I want to enjoy sex with you. I want to fuck you.
sexpam	"50. Oh, baby, that was the best fuck I’ve ever had. Thank you for that."
sexpam	 I had a naughty dream last night and guess who was in it? I'll give you a hint. I'm texting him right now
